[i18nIgnore] Fix various typos in `src/content/docs/en/guides` (#10399)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/astro-db.mdx

1. Install the [Turso CLI](https://docs.turso.tech/cli/installation).

> 2. [Login or sign up](https://docs.turso.tech/cli/authentication) to Turso.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Log in or sign up](https://docs.turso.tech/cli/authentication) to Turso.
```
If we're doing this... 😄
